---
title: "KYN61 40.5 armored mobile AC metal enclosed switchgear"
rating: 5.0
price: "12,800"
original_price: "15,999"
image: "/images/Complete-switch-cabinet/34.jpg" # Path relative to the 'static' folder or use Hugo Pipes
date: 2019-01-18
use_xzoom: true
gallery: # List of gallery image filenames in this folder
  - "/images/Complete-switch-cabinet/34.jpg"
# Add your other params: summary_specs, technical_specs_table, etc.
tags: [HXGN17 12 unit AC metal enclosed ring network switchgear,AC metal enclosed ring network switchgear,12 unit AC metal enclosed ring network switchgear,power distribution system,ring network power supply,stable power distribution,electrical components,circuit breaking,isolation,protection,easy installation,easy maintenance,continuous and secure power supply]

product_categories: ["Complete-switch-cabinet", "power distribution system"]

description: "HXGN15-12 (F), HXGN15-12 (F R) box-type fixed AC metal-enclosed switchgear (hereinafter referred to as switchgear), suitable for rated voltage of 12KV, rated frequency of 50HZ, rated current of 630A and above A three-phase AC system powered by network cabinets or radial terminals, used for segmenting and branching of cable lines."

summary_specs:
  - name: "Certification"
    value: "CB, CE, EMC, EMF, ROHS"
  - name: "Place of Origin"
    value: "Shandong, China (Mainland)"
  - name: "Brand Name"
    value: "OmniMech"
  - name: "MOQ"
    value: "1PC"
  - name: "OEM order"
    value: "available"

facebook: 998
twitter: 156
whatsapp: 666
linkedin: 777    

---


### Product Overview


KYN61-40.5(Z) armored removable AC metal-enclosed switchgear is suitable for power systems with a frequency of 50Hz, a rated voltage of 40.5kV and a rated current of up to 3150A. It has the functions of control, protection and monitoring of the circuit. Can be widely used in general power systems.

KYN61-40.5(Z) type armored removable AC metal-enclosed switchgear (hereinafter referred to as "switchgear") is suitable for three-phase AC 5 0 Hz power systems, used in power plants, substations and industrial and mining enterprises The power distribution room is used to receive and distribute electric energy, and to control, protect and monitor the circuit.
 
This product meets the standards: GB3906 "3~35kV AC metal-enclosed switchgear", GB/T11022 "High-voltage switchgear and control equipment standard common technical requirements", IEC60298 "rated voltage above 1kV and below 50kV AC metal-enclosed switchgear and control equipment ".
* * *

### Performance characteristics：

1. Integrated, miniaturized, and modularized product development with wide applicability.

2. "Five-defense" locking device design, safe and reliable.

3. The cabinet has strong anti-corrosion and anti-oxidation properties.

4. Adopt balanced electric field measures, and the busbar is insulated with heat-shrinkable material, which has high insulation performance.

5. The protection level can reach IP4X.
* * *
### Technical Parameters:

Ambient air temperature: upper limit temperature +40°C. The lower limit temperature is -15°C.

Relative humidity: daily average relative humidity: ≤95%, daily average water vapor pressure not exceeding 2.2KPa; monthly average relative humidity: ≤90%, monthly average water vapor pressure not exceeding 1.8KPa;

Altitude: below 1000m.

Earthquake intensity: no more than 8°C.

The surrounding air should not be significantly polluted by corrosive or combustible gases, water vapor, etc.

No place with severe vibration.

When it is used under the normal conditions specified in GB3906, it shall be negotiated by the user and the manufacturer


* * *

> **We welcome global agents, distributors, retailers, and other partners to join us and work together to develop mutually beneficial business relationships. Our products have already been well received by customers in many countries and regions, and we look forward to expanding our reach even further.**


